Create how-to-release.md (#279)
xgcm/xgcm: doc/how-to-release.md

# How to release a new version of xgcm (for maintainers only)
The process of releasing at this point is very easy. 

We need only two things: A doc PR and and making a release on github.

1. Make sure that all the new features/bugfixes etc are appropriately documented in `doc/whats-new.rst`, add the date to the current release and make an empty (unreleased) entry for the next minor release as a PR.
2. Navigate to the 'tags' symbol on the repos main page, click on 'Releases' and on 'Draft new release' on the right.

>   - Add the versionnumber and a short description and save the release.

Reviewer: versionnumber  -> version number
?

Reviewer 2: Thanks!

>   - Add the versionnumber and a short description and save the release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Add the version number and a short description and save the release.
```
